> [!NOTE] 
> This is a source file for the [Electricity Sector Field Guide](https://grahamlea.github.io/Electricity-Sector-Field-Guide/)
> It uses a very small subset of Markdown in a specific format. See the Template for details.

# Energy
#UsedVeryFrequently

## Synonyms
- Electrical Energy


## Summary

A quantitative measure of the ability for something to perform "work", with work being the
transfer of energy from one object to another, or from one form of energy to another.
Measured in joules ('J') or, more commonly in relation to electricity, [kilowatt-hour]s (kWh).
Electrical energy is one form, being the energy due to electric fields, or stored in electric fields.
Electrical energy may exist as a static build up of charged particles, or a dynamic movement of charged
particles (i.e. [current]).


## More

Energy in electricity is literally the same "energy" in fundamental physics.
Energy will most commonly be used in electricity when discussing either
the energy used or generated by something over some time period
(e.g. a household using an average of 30kWh per day, or a power plant producing 14 TWh per year) or
the storage capacity of some energy asset (e.g. a 10kWh battery).

Energy and [power] are separate but related concepts.
Energy is a measure of a quantity, while power is the rate at which energy is moving or performing work.
(Notice that the unit of power, the watt, is defined as joules per second, i.e. energy/time.)
Using kWh as a unit for energy frames it in terms of the amount of power it can deliver for a period of time:
one kilowatt of power for 1 hour. (1kWh = 3,600kJ)

Electrical energy is only one of many forms of energy relevant to the electricity industry.
Fossil-fueled power plants transfer chemical energy into heat energy, then into rotational kinetic energy,
then into electrical energy.
Hydroelectric plants convert gravitational potential energy into kinetic then electrical energy,
while [pumped hydro] reverses the same process.
Discharging a battery converts chemical energy into electrical energy, and charging one converts back into
chemical energy.

The Law of Conservation of Energy tells us energy is never created or used, but only transferred or transformed.
We may say a light bulb "used" or "consumed" 1kWh of energy, but actually it transformed 1kWh of energy
into other forms: mostly light and heat.
Many processes related to electricity result in energy "losses", which means some energy has resulted in
unintended work and so is unavailable for the intended work.
Heat escaping from a system, whether it was generated intentionally or not, is a common source of energy loss.

The energy in an electrical system is not simply a function of the number of electrons moving, i.e. the current.
The same current will deliver varying amounts of energy depending on the [voltage].
Voltage is actually defined in terms of how it relates energy and current, being the amount of potential work
that could be performed by each charged particle.

If the power of a component is known, its energy transfer can be calculated by multiplying the power by the
time. For example, an air conditioner using 4kW of power for half an hour uses 2kWh of energy.

"Work", being simply the transfer of energy (irrespective of time), is also measured using
joules or watt-hours.

Energy is typically the main component of how an electricity company will meter and charge their customers.
Sometimes a customer may incur a charge based on their maximum power demand on the grid connection during
some time window.


## Links
- [Electricity @ Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity)
- [Energy @ Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy)
- [What are Energy and Work? @ Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/science/physics/work-and-energy/work-and-energy-tutorial/a/what-is-work)
- [Introduction to Work and Energy @ Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/science/physics/work-and-energy/work-and-energy-tutorial/v/introduction-to-work-and-energy) #video
- [Electric Power P=IV | Watts, Work, Energy @ Fearless Engineer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6gsgcQ5icQ) #video

